Document how to improve code reviews (#31491)
metabase/metabase: docs/developers-guide/code-reviews.md

* If there are no :+1:'s on a PR, it is the responsibility of the PR creator to follow up with others and get their code reviewed. To re-iterate, a PR needs to be :+1:’d to be merged, and if it has not been reviewed, it is on the opener of the PR to round up a reviewer.
* If there's a :-1: + no clear resolution, both the creator of the PR and the :-1: voter should plan on spending an hour over the next day or two to discuss the issue, and plan on how to resolve it.
* In the event of no movement on a PR with a :-1: after a week, @salsakran will chime in.

> ## How to improve the quality of the code review
> 
> This video by Alberto Bacchelli sums up the results of the empirical software engineering research on this topic. Please watch it first:
> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_SJL7vepQvU
> 
> > In more than 50% of the reviews, the reviewer started with the file presented first
> 
> > In almost 40% of the navigations, the reviewer went to the next file in order
> 
> > Test files are almost twice less likely to be discussed during code review when together with production files
> 
> What can we do to improve this?
> 
> ### As an author
> 1. Guide reviewers by commenting on the important sections of the code and by starting a conversation. Tag someone specifically if you need their expertise/opinion.
> 2. Feel free to enhance PR description by using [Notes and Warnings](https://github.com/github-community/community/discussions/16925) - these can be effective tools if you want a certain piece of information to stand out.
> 
> ### As a reviewer
> 1. Be aware of our tendency to assign lower significance to the test files and put a conscious effort not to skip them.
> 2. Before jumping to the first file presented in an alphabetical order, conceptually understand the changes you are reviewing and start with the file that is the most-impactful one.
> 3. Ask the author for more details/better description if you feel like you're lacking the context.
> 4. Unless the change is obviously trivial, checkout that branch and give Metabase a spin locally with the changes included. Make sure everything works as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to improve the quality of the code review

For a summary of research on code reviews, check out [How code review works (and doesn't) in the real world](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_SJL7vepQvU).

### What PR authors can do to get a better review

- Guide reviewers by commenting on the important sections of the code. 
- If you need someone's expertise/opinion, tag that person. 
- Enhance PR descriptions by using [Notes and Warnings](https://github.com/github-community/community/discussions/16925) - these can be effective tools if you want a certain piece of information to stand out.

### What PR reviewers can do to give a better review

- Pay close attention to test files. Be aware of our tendency to assign lower significance to the test files and put a conscious effort to review them thoroughly.
- Start with the file most important to the change, not the first file presented in an alphabetical order in the PR.
- If you feel like you're lacking the context, ask the author for more details/better description.
- Unless the change is trivial, check out that branch and give Metabase a spin locally with the changes included. Make sure everything works as expected.
```

Does this edit clarify the takeaways? I dropped the stats, since they could reinforce that behavior. It's better to state what to do, rather than what not to do.
